readme.adoc, before:

= jDDD - Domain-Driven Design in Java

This repository contains libraries to help developers work with DDD concepts in Java.
It currently consists of the following artifacts:

.Artifacts to express DDD concepts
- link:jddd-core[`jddd-core`] -- annotations and interfaces to express DDD building blocks (value objects, entities, aggregate roots etc.) in code.
- link:jddd-events[`jddd-events`] -- annotations and interfaces to express the concept of events in code.

.Technology integration
- link:jddd-archunit[`jdd-archunit`] -- ArchUnit rules that verify the aggregate structures in your model.
- link:jddd-jpa[`jddd-jpa`] -- A ByteBuddy plugin to derive default JPA mappings for code that expresses DDD building blocks via `jddd-core`.

.Examples
- link:jddd-examples[`jddd-examples`] -- A collection of examples to showcase the usage of the concept types and annotations as well as the technology integration.

== Release instructions

* `mvn release:prepare -DscmReleaseCommitComment="$ticketId - Release version $version." -DscmDevelopmentCommitComment="$ticketId - Prepare next development iteration."`
* `mvn release:perform`

Commit message:

GH-3 - Added annotations for layered architecture.
Original pull request: GH-13.

readme.adoc, after:

= jDDD - Domain-Driven Design in Java

This repository contains libraries to help developers work with DDD concepts in Java.
It currently consists of the following artifacts:

.Artifacts to express DDD concepts
- link:jddd-core[`jddd-core`] -- annotations and interfaces to express DDD building blocks (value objects, entities, aggregate roots etc.) in code.
- link:jddd-events[`jddd-events`] -- annotations and interfaces to express the concept of events in code.
- link:jddd-architecture[`jddd-architecture`] -- annotations to express architectural styles in code.

.Technology integration
- link:jddd-archunit[`jdd-archunit`] -- ArchUnit rules that verify the aggregate structures in your model.
- link:jddd-jpa[`jddd-jpa`] -- A ByteBuddy plugin to derive default JPA mappings for code that expresses DDD building blocks via `jddd-core`.

.Examples
- link:jddd-examples[`jddd-examples`] -- A collection of examples to showcase the usage of the concept types and annotations as well as the technology integration.

== Release instructions

* `mvn release:prepare -DscmReleaseCommitComment="$ticketId - Release version $version." -DscmDevelopmentCommitComment="$ticketId - Prepare next development iteration."`
* `mvn release:perform`
